haha
ok welcome to part 2 of this review of
brawl brothers for the SNES all right
now I'm still on the same stage of a
second stage right here and you know
what's unique about this clip with the
weapon system right here um
you can also pick up right you know all
rifles and stuff like that you know I
never seen that in any other beaten but
before I mean which is he but this is
really cool and kind of innovative in
live here oh yeah I like I like this a
special attack moves thing right here
which is pretty unique right here and
then the neck what's next it's like I
like it when you uh you know beat up a
vehicle and stuff like that so you can
enter into another stage pretty cool so
right here I'm fighting the old dude
right here with the black belt on once I
continue once i finish him off I mean
he's basically going I mean just take a
look at what he's gonna say I mean just
just watch I thought beating him one sec
he says the same thing what the other
guy said I mean how can you be a bit
creative like that but that's all right
it's okay and here we are right here
with thee with another elevator part on
level 3 this is this could be a bit
tedious and big confusing to get through
but uh if somebody who had beaten this
game could they send me a video response
of getting past level 3 please on you to
think i would greatly appreciated mainly
my big complaint is the reason why i
need a video response to help me get
past this stage is because once i get to
this stage i mean every time when i get
to this stage i basically shut the game
off before i even continue because I get
pretty dazed and confused so far apart
white played for this game but hutton it
I greatly appreciate the one who's going
to send me a video response kind of gift
necessary without being all confusing
stuff like that but uh yeah there you
have it and then let's beat up some more
people right here and I'll to end in a
few sec in few seconds I'm going to show
you the history the history about
lemonade this game we're game played
this game
what it is right
now in the Russian beat series that's
what they call it in Japan I called the
rival tour series but speaking of which
rival turf was actually the first game
and in between a series I believe in
Japan they actually called it a Russian
beat ranos some other crap I'm not sure
and coming up next would be the
peacekeepers which which is actually the
third in a series i don't i don't own
Idol one of those games but and
apparently I can't review it brawl
brought us for the SNES happens to be
the second in the Russian beat series
and that's pretty much the game that I
currently own right now um but as far as
the game itself it's decent enough to be
a to be a beat'em up but apparently it's
not I mean it may not be all day great
but honestly it kind of does a fair job
to to a certain extent
even though it may not be all that great
actually like it to a certain extent I
mean I tried it out at a play entry
around my house before I bought it and
the night would not bought it I played I
played this game like crap me as a kid
growing up I never even heard of this
game but but I mean this is pretty okay
for what it for what it is so and all
good points that wraps it up for this
two-part review of this game and as of
now this is a kit Thunder signing off
and take caree buddy
you